System Architecture Overview:

The RNFP mobile application is built using a client-server architecture, with the frontend developed in React Native and the backend powered by Mysql.
The backend APIs are built using RESTful principles and are hosted on a cPanel environment.
Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines are managed using Jenkins, while Git and GitHub are used for version control. 
The admin panel is also developed using Mysql for backend logic and HTML, CSS, and AJAX for frontend interactions.

1. Client-Side (Frontend):

Technology: React Native
Platform: Android and iOS mobile devices
Functionality:
Provides user interfaces (UI) for interacting with the application.
Consumes data from REST APIs provided by the backend.
Handles user inputs, displays real-time information, and manages navigation.
Asynchronous operations (e.g., API calls) using React Native lifecycle methods.
State management using React hooks or other libraries like Redux (if applicable).

2. Server-Side (Backend):
Technology: Mysql
Framework: Express (if applicable)
Functionality:
Handles business logic and processes client requests.
Exposes a set of REST APIs for the mobile frontend and admin panel.
Manages user authentication, data storage, and server-side validations.
Interacts with databases (e.g., MongoDB, MySQL, etc.) for storing and retrieving data.
Ensures security using practices like JWT (JSON Web Token) for authentication and encryption for sensitive data transmission.

3. API Layer:
Type: REST APIs
Technology: Mysql with Express
Functionality:
APIs allow the mobile application to interact with backend services.
CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) for different resources like users, settings, or application data.
Ensures that data is validated and structured before being passed to the database.
APIs are secured with authentication tokens and rate limiting.

4. Version Control:
Technology: Git & GitHub
Functionality:
Version control for tracking changes in code.
Collaborating with team members using branching, pull requests, and code reviews.
GitHub Actions for continuous integration and testing (optional).

5. Continuous Integration & Deployment (CI/CD):
Technology: Jenkins
Functionality:
Automated build and test pipeline for the application.
Deploys the backend to cPanel after successful builds and tests.
Automates the testing process for various components of the application.
Ensures that the latest code is tested and deployed without manual intervention.

6. Deployment:
Platform: cPanel
Functionality:
Hosts both the backend server and APIs.
Manages the deployment of backend Mysql services.
Provides a user-friendly interface for managing files, databases, and server configurations.
Handles SSL certificates and other security configurations for the backend server.

7. Admin Panel:
Technology (Frontend): HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX
Technology (Backend): Mysql
Functionality:
Provides an interface for administrators to manage the application’s data and users.
AJAX is used for asynchronous interactions between the frontend and backend.
Allows administrators to perform CRUD operations on the application's data (e.g., managing users, viewing reports, etc.).
Ensures secure authentication and role-based access control for administrators.

8. Database (Optional if applicable):
Technology: MySQL / MongoDB / PostgreSQL (based on project requirements)
Functionality:
Stores application data, user profiles, and any transactional records.
Handles queries from both the mobile application and admin panel.
Manages relationships and complex queries for data-intensive operations.

9. Security Considerations:
User Authentication: JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for secure user login and session management.
Data Protection: Use of HTTPS for secure data transmission and encryption of sensitive data like passwords.
Authorization: Role-based access control for users and admins to ensure restricted access to specific functionalities.




database.default.hostname = localhost
 database.default.database = milleniancecom_cidb
 database.default.username = milleniancecom_cidb
 database.default.password = HL+9@l8Mfd3w
 database.default.DBDriver = MySQLi
 database.default.DBPrefix =